Rules:
Article 12: Valid Points
Scoring Areas
1.1 Trunk: The blue or red colored area of the trunk protector
1.2 Head: The entire head above the bottom line of the head protector
2 Criteria for valid point(s):
2.1 Point(s) shall be awarded when a permitted technique is delivered to the scoring areas of the trunk with a proper
level of impact.
2.2 Point(s) shall be awarded when a permitted technique is delivered to the scoring areas of the head.
2.3 If PSS is used, determination of the validity of the technique, level of impact, and/or valid contact to the scoring
area shall be made by the electronic scoring system. These PSS determinations shall not be subject to Instant
Video Replay.
2.4 The WTF Technical Committee shall determine the required level of impact and sensitivity of the PSS, using
different scales in consideration of weight category, gender, and age groups. In certain circumstances as deemed
necessary the Technical Delegate may recalibrate the valid level of impact.
3 The valid points are as follows.
3.1 One (1) point for a valid punch to the trunk protector
3.2 Two (2) points for a valid kick to the trunk protector
3.3 Three (3) points for a valid turning kick to the trunk protector
3.4 Three (3) points for a valid kick to the head
3.5 Four (4) points for a valid turning kick to the head
3.6 One(1) point awarded for every one “Gam-jeom” given to the opponent contestant
4 Match score shall be the sum of points of the three rounds.
5 Invalidation of point(s): When a contestant records points while using prohibited act(s):
5.1 If the prohibited act was instrumental to the scoring of the point(s), the referee shall declare the penalty for the
prohibited act and invalidate of the point(s).
5.2 However, if the prohibited act was not instrumental to earn the point, the referee may penalize the prohibited act
but not invalidate the point(s).

Article 13: Scoring and Publication
1 Scoring of valid point(s) shall be determined primarily using the electronic scoring system installed in Protector and
Scoring Systems (PSS). Points awarded for punching techniques and additional points awarded for turning kicks
shall be scored by judges using manual scoring devices. If PSS (Protector & Scoring System) is not used, all
scoring shall be determined by judges using manual scoring devices.
2 If head PSS not employed with trunk PSS, scoring for kicking techniques to the head shall be made by judges
using the manual scoring devices.
3 The additional point given for a turning kick shall be invalidated if the turning kick was not scored as a valid
point(s) by PSS.
4 Under a three (3) corner judge setting, two or more judges shall be needed to confirm valid scoring.
5 Under a two (2) corner judges setting, two judges shall be needed to confirm valid scoring.
6 If a referee perceives a contestant to be staggering or knocked down by a kick to the head, and so begins
counting, but the attack was not scored by the head PSS, the referee may request IVR to make the decision for
awarding or not awarding points after the count.
